Pro Feature - Deduplication tuning documentation update (#12471)
DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo: docs/content/en/working_with_findings/finding_deduplication/tune_deduplication.md

2. Change the **Deduplication Algorithm** from "Disabled" to "Hash Code"
3. Select which fields should be used for generating the hash in the **Hash Code Fields** dropdown

Unlike Same Tool Deduplication, Cross Tool Deduplication only supports the Hash Code algorithm, as different tools rarely share compatible unique identifiers.

## Reimport Deduplication

Reimport Deduplication Settings are specifically designed for reimporting data using Universal Parsers or the Generic Parser.

![image](images/reimport_deduplication.png)

When configuring Reimport Deduplication:

1. Select the **Security Tool** (Universal or Generic Parser)
2. Choose the appropriate **Deduplication Algorithm**

The same three algorithm options are available for Reimport Deduplication as for Same Tool Deduplication:
- Hash Code
- Unique ID From Tool
- Unique ID From Tool or Hash Code

## Deduplication Best Practices

For optimal results with Deduplication Tuning:

- **Start with defaults**: The preconfigured deduplication settings work well for most scenarios
- **Test changes carefully**: After adjusting deduplication settings, monitor a few imports to ensure proper behavior.

> - **Adjustments to deduplication will only affect new imports, and **do not retroactively adjust the hash values for findings already imported**.  Pro subscribers may contact DefectDojo support to assess if deduplcation tunings can be re-executed for findings already imported prior to the deduplcation adjustments.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Adjustments to deduplication will retroactively adjust the hash values for findings already imported for the given test type that was changed**.  The recalculation is applied in the background to all findings in the database associated with the given test type that was changed. Please note that since the process is occurring in the background, immediate changes may not be observed.
```
